Update README.md to add Dmitriy's headshot (#37)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_build_deploy: README.md

|**[Adrian Boguszewski](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adrianboguszewski/)** <br> Deep Learning Expert <br> (Warsaw, Poland) <br><br> MSc in Computer Science <br> 5+ years as DL Engineer|**[Anisha Udayakumar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anisha-uday/)** <br> Anisha AI Innovation Consultant <br> (Bengaluru, India) <br><br> BTech in Civil Engineering <br> 5+ years as a Innovation Consultant|**[Zhuo Wu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wuzhuo/)** <br> Professor and Research Scientist <br> (Shanghai, China) <br><br> PhD in Electronics <br> 15+ Years as a Researcher and Professor|
|[![dmitriy](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/92fa69d1-10f4-4f1a-968a-501ab6c65cab)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitriy-pastushenkov/)|

> |**[Dmitriy Pastushenkov​](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitriy-pastushenkov/)** <br> AI PC Evangelist <br> (Bavaria, Germany) <br><br> MSc in Computer Science <br> 20+ years as a Software Engineer, Architect, Director|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**[Dmitriy Pastushenkov​](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitriy-pastushenkov/)** <br> AI PC Evangelist <br> (Bavaria, Germany) <br><br> MSc in Computer Science <br> 20+ years as a Software Engineer and Architect, Technical Manager |
```
